## Comp880 Project Top 100 Anime Movies

## Design Document

## Author: G.Deepika, Pooja Bandla

### class AnimeData:


    Represent a class anime .

    Explains methods that transform input collections into something else.

### def init(self, filename :str):

    Initialize instance variables.

        Parameters:
            filename: string

* Initialize the variables of self.filename and self.dic.

### def __str__(self):

    Convert to string representation.

* Return the self.filename.

### def read_to_dict(self) -> dict:
        
        Read data from a text file into a dict.

        Reads from text file named in `self.filename` using `csv.reader()`
        and creates a dictionary with the data in column `title` as keys and
        values as a dictionary with column names 'rank', 'rating', 'votes',
        'year', 'minutes','genre' and 'gross' as keys and their data as value.

        Return:
            dictionary keys: representing data points in column `title`
            values: dictionary with key as column names and values as
                    column data.

* To read the test file into csv file and return the result into dictionary.
* Create the empty dictionary `output_d` to store the output.
* Use the command open and open the filename as csv file.
* Assign the `csv.reader` to the csv file with a delimiter of comma to a reader.
* Create for loop with count and row to the enumerator which adds the counter to the iterables`(reader)`.
   * Create empty dictionary as element.
   * Assign if statement as count not equal to zero then take each attribute,and it's type and row number expect the first row
   * Assign the output_d of first row to the element.
* Return the output_d.


### def genre_list(self, genre: str) -> list:
        
        Create list of anime names with genre details.

        Note that each anime may come under multiple genres.
        Creates and returns a list of anime that come under genre requested.

        Parameters:
            genre: string

        Return:
            list of str, each string being a anime under specified genre.

* To get to recommend anime first create a method `genre_list` to get the anime-names based on genre.
* In the method genre_list create the empty list as `return_list` to store the output.
* Create the for loop and assign the `self.dict`(contains the titles) to `d_s`.
     * Within the for loop assign if statement.
     * Assign the self.dic of `d_s` and `genre` in genre iterator.
     * Append d_s to created return_list.
* Return the `return_list` which return the result of anime-names .

### def recommended_anime(self, anime_name: str, num_rmd: int) -> list:
        
        Create a list of recommended anime.

        Return a list of anime names that are related to the reference anime
        and return the top rated animes if there are not enough
        recommendations.

        Parameter:
            anime_name: str, name of the reference anime
            num_rmd: int, number of recommendation required

        Return:
            list of str, each element representing recommended anime

* To create a list of recommended anime define the method `recommended_anime` with the parameters of anime_name which is string refers to the name of anime and num_rnd is integer refers to the number of recommendations required.If the given name is not in the self.dic then return nothing.
* Assign the self.dic of anime_name to `anime_genre` and create empty list as `recommend`.
* In for loop assign the anime_genre to r_m.
    * Call the function genre_list with r_m to recommend.
    * To remove the repetition in the return list use set to recommend list then remove the anime_name in the recommended which is not in that genre.
    * If len of recommend is less than number of recommendations 
       * Assign the for loop of self.dic to n_m.
       * If n_m is not in recommend and not same to anime_name append the n_m to recommend.
       * If length of recommend is equal to number of recommendations break the loop.
* Return the recommend based on number of recommendations.


### def gross_avg(self, year_list) -> float:

        Get the average gross.

        From the list of years identify the anime released in those years
        and calculate the average gross generated by those anime.

        Parameter:
            year_list: list of years

        Return:
            float representing average gross in given years.

* Create the method gross_avg with the parameter of year_list.
* If the given year is not in the self.dic make it to zero and return zero.
* Create empty list gross_list to store the output.
* In for loop assign the self.dic to g_a. 
  * If self.dic of g_a and year in year_list.
  * Append the self.dic of g_a and gross to gross_list.
* If given year doesn't have any gross avg make length of gross_list is equal to zero, return zero.
* Return the sum of gross_list to the length of gross_list.

### def avg_genre_dur(self, genre: str) -> float:
        
        Get the average duration of genre.

        using 'genre_list()' method identify the anime in those genre and
        calculate the average duration.

        Parameter:
            genre: str representing genre

        Return:
            float representing average duration in given genre

* Create the method avg_genre_dur with the parameter of genre.
* If the given genre is not in the self.dic make it to equal zero and return zero.
* Create empty list dur_list to store the output.
* Create for loop and call the genre_list function of genre and assign to a_d.
   * Append the self.dic of a_d and duration to dur_list.
* if the length of dur_list is equal to zero return zero.
* Return the sum of dur_list to the length of dur_list.

### def main()

    Run code to check basic functionality.

* In main give the director path to define the os.
* Print the ch and assign the AnimeData with the fstring to the data_dir and csv file.
* print the data of read_to_dict
* print the data of recommended_anime('title')
* print the data of gross_avg('year')
* print the data of avg_genre_dur('action') 







 


    
